Apply default NetworkPolicies (#1)
projectsyn/component-networkpolicy: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

= NetworkPolicy: A Commodore component to manage NetworkPolicy

{doctitle} provides the tooling to manage a set of NetworkPolicies in all the namespaces on a cluster.
The intention is to create a safe default.
This is done by isolating the network of a namespace.
The created policies will allow only traffic from pods within the same network.
They will also allow traffic from selected namespaces.

> The later is needed for ingress and monitoring to work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The latter is needed for ingress and monitoring to work.
```

> This component assumes, that a cluster was set up with a SDN that supports NetworkPolicies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This component assumes that a cluster was set up with a https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/compute-storage-net/network-plugins[network plugin] that supports NetworkPolicies.
```
